today's topic is how to cure acne hi
everyone and welcome back to another
episode it's Melanie from Roy Irishmen
here well today I wanted to answer a lot
of fa Q's around how I cured my acne now
in my transformational videos I've shown
you the before and afters but I've never
spent enough time talking about my
process and the journey around how to
get amazing beautiful skin
well my issues for my acne weren't
severe but it affected my confidence
it affected basically my life I kind of
wanted to hide away I didn't want
socialize I'm like no no no you know you
just feel ugly and you're like oh good
your self-worth goes down you stop
pitying yourself so my skin was yuck
most of it was underneath the jaw line
underneath the skin and it just
irritated the hell out of me I spent so
much money investing in this organic
products it's gonna cure this and this
and this basically a topical approach
not curing the problem from the inside I
was trying to but give it a band-aid
effect so what I did is I spent a lot of
money I changed all my makeup range I
changed all my skin care products and
then I just was like you know what that
is enough I went back to basics so I
started doing some research I found the
high carb low fat vegan lifestyle it
changed my life if you guys have seen my
transformational videos you would have
known what it cured everything
absolutely everything I came to this I
stuff of vanity because I wanted to kill
my skin I wanted to look good I wanted
to go to the shops and not have to care
about people looking at my face and I
just wanted to feel happy again and so I
took into my own hands I became my own
doctor I did lots of research came to
the high carb low fat vegan lifestyle
and then I was like oh my god fruit
fruit is the answer our body runs on
glucose and the best form of glucose you
can get is fruit it cured my body my
main staple was bananas
now you know why it was bananas because
was incredible it was sheep because I'm
a little bit of a cheapskate but it was
so versatile you can eat bananas whole
you can blend them and smoothies you can
have them as like freeze them take them
out put them in a food processor blend
them up it becomes ice cream there are
so many things with bananas you can
flavor them however you want and it is
incredible a case of bananas is $13 I
don't know where you are in the world or
how expensive that could be bananas
cured my skin fruit killed my skin in
general high carb low fat food was
incredible when you take charge of your
health amazing things are possible your
body is incredible we don't even
understand half of the things our body
is capable of the biggest thing is to
hydrate get your water in get lots of
fruit in it's going to cure your body
from the inside out
check out these transformational photo
alright guys there you have a little bit
of a shock factor there and I've been
with the scare for myself too when I was
going back through all pictures I always
had pimples underneath the jawline and
underneath the skin as you can see my my
skin is gradually getting better and
clearer throughout these pictures as
they progress but the redness is still
there and I don't look happy in any of
them and then this one BAM my skin looks
clear and they I've got a little bit of
a smile on my face this is a picture of
me today when I was filming the video
just to show you that my skin is now
looking amazing and I just think back
and I was like oh my god I became my own
doctor and I cured my own skin well it
probably took about three days to notice
the difference within my skin and after
that it started progressively getting
better and better and better
ACK I remember the exact timeframe I
think it probably was around three to
four months and where skin was healed
but the redness was still there and I
was like so I started taking kifo which
is a probiotic check out the link in the
description I'll show you guys the
importance of having good gut health 80
the son of your digestive system is
formed in your gut so if you don't have
the good gut bacteria in there you're
not going to be functioning at optimal
health so fix your gut bacteria by
taking probiotics and eating lots of
fresh ripe fruits and vegetables it's so
cheap guys it is so cheap
keifa basically costs me about three
dollars and bananas $13 are you kidding
me you can cure your skin under 20 bucks
really of course people are going to
tell you that because you don't make
money from it so guys spread this video
around share it to every one of your
friends that you know have bad skin or a
battling with those issues and they're
spending so much money on big name
products does I hope that your skin
changes and I am hoping that you guys
have this amazing transformation because
you know what it's gonna change your
life it's gonna change every aspect your
confidence is gonna go up you're gonna
be just dancing around your bedroom like
I do all the time all right guys just
remember continue to make better choices
and become your own doctor take charge
of your health and you're gonna be on
the journey to become the greatest
version of yourself thanks for watching
guys and I will see you next episode
alright guys if you're stuck on what to
eat here it is fruit mills they are
super easy convenient fast food
just open it get in your gob chop it up
if need be also we've got some banana
variations we've got mashed up bananas
dried fig shredded coconut and
strawberries we've got bananas in there
whole form and mashed up bananas and
mango smoothies which of my favorites so
easy to get the calories in we've got
banana and kale banana kale and
strawberry and cinnamon dates and
bananas banana ice cream is my favorite
we've got some raspberries blueberries
and bananas banana and cinnamon and
raspberry and banana but this gorgeous
salad with watered-down hummus we've got
a creamy zoodles and they've got a
tomato base oodles also have a burrito
with lots of veggies and hummus more
zucchini pasta and grated carrot
sushi if you'd like to be featured in an
introduction to any of my videos then
please check out the link in the
description and I can't wait to see what
you do
I've now raised my levels to two hundred
and sixty-five now this was done by
having three injections of hydroxo
cobalamin over a period of about three
to four months